alright guys thanks for coming back to
the channel and say thank you to all the
subscribers we are going to the grocery
store because you can see what kind of
kind of evening we're having here we're
gonna pick up some items I don't know
what we're going to pick up we're going
to kind of pull up chopped on ourselves
tonight we're going to pick up some
things and get back to the house and
make something warm and comforting some
sort of comfort food alright guys we are
back in the Test Kitchen today finally
made it back it's storming outside it's
kind of nasty out there but we're going
to go ahead and start with our let me
run down the ingredients really quick
here this is going to be beef Burgundy
on beef burgundy beef with red wine okay
we're going to cook all out all the
alcohol out so you're not going to have
to worry about it we've got going to use
about ten ounces of these little
potatoes it announces a little pearl
onions I've got about three or two and a
half to three pounds of ground chuck cut
in about two inch pieces tomato paste oh
one larger dial yellow onion we've got
some dried thyme I've got some brown
sugar carrots about to three karats here
we're going to use about ten ounces of
mushrooms whatever mushrooms you like
olive oil beef stock red wine and we're
going to use some bacon how can you go
wrong with bacon I mean you can't but
anyhow hey we're gonna go ahead and
start making this in a here we go I'm
going to go ahead and take our bacon
this is probably about four slices and
we're going to put this in a pot and
render the fat out of this maybe four or
five six minutes on medium high heat
I've taken our meat taken a paper towel
and a padded it dry on both sides as
much as I possibly can we're going to
set this to the side I'm going to get
some salt and pepper and we'll go ahead
and season our meat on both sides with
the salt and pepper I'll try to use
freshly ground pepper if you can if not
don't worry about it use whatever you
got alright we'll go ahead and remove
our bacon and we'll leave the fat that
was rendered out right there in the pot
just like that now we'll take our meat
and we'll put it in a rendered fat here
and brown this on both sides on all
sides as we possibly can now we're
browning this in batches cause we don't
want to overload our pot and you can see
this has a really nice sear on it right
now on both sides and what we're going
to do is go ahead and take this out and
put it to the side and just going to
leave it right there for now and we'll
go ahead and put in our second batch and
get a nice sear on that and for what the
amount i have i have in my pot sighs
I've got three batches that I'm gonna do
like this all right now I'm going to
take about a half cup of our wine put in
a pot here
I'm going to deglaze the bottom of our
pot I strengthen all the nice little
brown bits off of there and we'll just
like this wine reduction reduced by
about half now what we'll do is we'll
take a reduced mixture here and pour it
right over the top of our beef that we
set aside that we got that nice 0 just
like that guys I'm going to go ahead and
add our olive oil to our pan here there
we go and I've got our onion and our
cared about two carrots coarsely chopped
up here we'll go ahead and salty salty
these so I'll see these about three or
four minutes just so they start to turn
a little translucent I'm going to put in
our garlic make sure we stir that in
really good after your onions and
carrots have started to cook down a
little bit go ahead and get your your
meat your beef covered with your of wine
concoction there put that back in I'll
get all that goodness in there guys stir
it around we're going to go ahead and
take our tomato paste add this in there
and I make sure you get this stirred
around good we want to get this tomato
paste mixed in there all over it's going
to add a really great depth of flavor
you've got to go ahead and take about a
cup and a quarter of our chicken I'm
sorry our beef broth and add in there
I'm going to take our time sprinkle
around the pot here and we'll stir that
in
ed will go ahead and add our wine i'm
using gnarly head from California
vintage 2012 it's a Pinot Noir very nice
wine make sure you always can drink your
wine you wouldn't drink it you wouldn't
cook with it ok we'll go ahead and put
this in beautiful yes love it going to
stir I'm going to bring this up to a
boil and then I'm going to reduce it to
a simmer for about an hour maybe two
hours on what that meat in there really
super tender so i'll go ahead and cover
this after i bring it up to the boil and
that's where we'll leave it at four
right now about 30 minutes before our
beef is done we're going to go ahead and
saute our onions and our mushrooms so
i'm going to put about I don't know two
tablespoons of olive oil in our pan here
and we're going to put in our onions I
don't want to forget any of these these
r apparel onions I cut them up there
have some of them the larger ones are
quartered and I've courted our mushrooms
about 10 ounces I'm going to put this in
and we're going to saute this get it
soft to go into our stew alright I'm
going to come back and I'm going to add
a cup and a half of our beef stock back
to this and I'm going to stir it up make
sure that we get all those flavors
combined in there really really well YUM
and we're gonna add our brown sugar stir
that in and after our light saut on our
mushrooms mushrooms and audience I'm
going to go ahead and put these right
into
just like that and we'll stir these in
there we go we'll get a nice stir in
here we'll let these simmer for about 15
minutes covered just a really light
light simmer and that will be time for
us to serve all right guys there it is
I've got a layer of mashed potatoes
underneath there I don't know if you can
see that very well or not but they are
underneath there and I'm going to go
ahead and take a bite of this I've got
it in like the really big bowl here so
we'll go ahead and see what we have here
we go that's warming all the way down a
beef is really tender now there's a nice
hint of red wine when you when you take
a bite of this let me grab one more bye
y'all oh that sugar leaves nice little
brown sugar these nice little hints on
them on your tongue there all right one
last bite then I'm out of here y'all
mushrooms still have a nice bite to them
this is fantastic y'all beef Burgundy
remember get over to facebook and like
Patrick Barton's food you'll get all the
hid behind the scenes and further that
you don't get here on YouTube they also
get updates from other youtubers that I
really enjoy and I think are fantastic
Ian Kiner uh mr. dirty from the GTM show
uh Jennifer and Michael Barnhill the
endorsement Joyce world tour just a
whole plethora of things man that you
can get over here so go over oh don't
give her a facebook and like Patrick
parton's food so enjoy this if you make
it let me know what you think about it
if you do and i'll see you tomorrow bye
guys
you